1. Miles per Gallon
Write a program that calculates a car’s gas mileage. The program should ask the user
to enter the number of gallons of gas the car can hold and the number of miles it can
be driven on a full tank. It should then display the number of miles that may be driven
per gallon of gas.

2. Stadium Seating
There are three seating categories at a stadium. For a softball game, Class A seats cost
$15, Class B seats cost $12, and Class C seats cost $9. Write a program that asks how
many tickets for each class of seats were sold, then displays the amount of income generated
from ticket sales. Format your dollar amount in fixed-point notation, with two
decimal places of precision, and be sure the decimal point is always displayed.

3. Test Average
Write a program that asks for five test scores. The program should calculate the average
test score and display it. The number displayed should be formatted in fixed-point
notation, with one decimal point of precision.

4. Average Rainfall
Write a program that calculates the average rainfall for three months. The program
should ask the user to enter the name of each month, such as June or July, and the
amount of rain (in inches) that fell each month. The program should display a message
similar to the following:
The average rainfall for June, July, and August is 6.72 inches.

5. Male and Female Percentages
Write a program that asks the user for the number of males and the number of females
registered in a class. The program should display the percentage of males and females
in the class.
Hint: Suppose there are 8 males and 12 females in a class. There are 20 students in the
class. The percentage of males can be calculated as 8 ÷ 20 = 0.4, or 40%. The percentage
of females can be calculated as 12 ÷ 20 = 0.6, or 60%.

6. Ingredient Adjuster
A cookie recipe calls for the following ingredients:
• 1.5 cups of sugar
• 1 cup of butter
• 2.75 cups of flour
The recipe produces 48 cookies with this amount of the ingredients. Write a program
that asks the user how many cookies he or she wants to make, and then displays the
number of cups of each ingredient needed for the specified number of cookies.

7. Box Office
  A movie theater only keeps a percentage of the revenue earned from ticket sales. The
  remainder goes to the movie distributor. Write a program that calculates a theater’s
  gross and net box office profit for a night. The program should ask for the name of the
  movie, and how many adult and child tickets were sold. (The price of an adult ticket is
  $10.00 and a child’s ticket is $6.00.) It should display a report similar to
    Movie Name:                 “Wheels of Fury”
    Adult Tickets Sold:                382
    Child Tickets Sold:                127
    Gross Box Office Profit:        $ 4582.00
    Net Box Office Profit:          $ 916.40
    Amount Paid to Distributor:     $ 3665.60
    
8. How Many Widgets?
The Yukon Widget Company manufactures widgets that weigh 12.5 pounds each.
Write a program that calculates how many widgets are stacked on a pallet, based on
the total weight of the pallet. The program should ask the user how much the pallet
weighs by itself and with the widgets stacked on it. It should then calculate and display
the number of widgets stacked on the pallet.

9. How Many Calories?
A bag of cookies holds 30 cookies. The calorie information on the bag claims that there
are 10 “servings” in the bag and that a serving equals 300 calories. Write a program
that asks the user to input how many cookies he or she actually ate and then reports
how many total calories were consumed.

10. How Much Insurance?
Many financial experts advise that property owners should insure their homes or buildings
for at least 80 percent of the amount it would cost to replace the structure. Write a
program that asks the user to enter the replacement cost of a building and then displays
the minimum amount of insurance he or she should buy for the property.

11. Automobile Costs
Write a program that asks the user to enter the monthly costs for the following
expenses incurred from operating his or her automobile: loan payment, insurance, gas,
oil, tires, and maintenance. The program should then display the total monthly cost of
these expenses, and the total annual cost of these expenses.
